The web is a network of coputers and servers
from a local level, like your hometown, all the
way up to the entire world all comunicating to
each other. 

When someone goes into their browser and looks
up "Google", for example, that sends a request 
to the server that hosts the site. In order to 
actually have the request sent to the server,
it first has to serch your local device, ie. 
your phone, laptop, desktop, etc for the IP
address.

If the Ip address is not found on your local
device, the request is then sent to your home 
router to see if any other device that is 
connected to the router has been to that IP.

If the IP is not found in the router, then the 
request gets pushed to your internet service 
provider.

If for whatever reason the IP is not found with 
your internet server provider, it then goes to 
the root server. This almost never happens 
anymore since, for the most part your ISP will 
have the IP.

Once the IP address is found either one of 
these sources, you local device(browser) then 
sends the request to the host server of the IP.

The host server then begins to send out the 
data of said site in what is known as packets.

Packets are chunks of data and information to 
be dowloaded for the site to appear in the 
browser. The packets are sent through various 
different routes. If for whatever reason a 
piece of information is not sent and the user 
refreshes the site, the host server then has to 
send all the packages again from scratch.
